oop-special_class_method-medium-q3 (#634)
canvas-gamification/canvas-gamification-junit-tests: src/oop/special_class_method/medium/q3/QuestionText.md

# oop-special_class_method-medium-q3

## Question Text

> 

Reviewer: mention here or in the main test what kind of question this is

> You want to write a program where you can control the volume of noisy objects. Make a Java class called `Speaker` that

Reviewer 2: Remove the class specifications from this header.

has an attribute called **volume** which is initialized in the constructor. The class also includes an accessor and a
mutator for each attribute.

### Speaker

> Your `Speaker` class must have the following items

Reviewer: I think this should be something like "you are provided with the following items" or "class has the following items already" since given the later "You need to add the following items" implies that these ones will be given to the user

- Attributes:
    - a `double` called **volume** that is not accessible from other classes.

- Constructor:
    - a `Speaker` constructor that is visible to other classes and accepts a `double` and uses it to initialize the
      **volume** attribute

You need to add the following items:

- Methods:

>     - a `setVolume` method which accepts a `double` and uses it to set the value of the **volume** attribute

Reviewer 2: Please specify that the return type is void.

    - a `getVolume` method which returns the value stored in the **volume** attribute

>     - a `toString` method which returns the string `"My volume is " + volume`

Reviewer: use x y formatting

>     - a `toString` method which returns the string `"My volume is " + x` where x is the value of **volume**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - a `toString` method which returns the string `"My volume is x"` where x is the value of **volume**
```

>     - All these methods are visible from other classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - all these methods should be visible from other classes.
```
